You brave enough to answer that kittens
or puppies one. Me or you? This is me
and Cinder. No, it's not. No, it's
not. Me or you?
Oh, no. Hi, everyone. How are you doing?
Did you chatters hear what's in the news
recently? Apparently, almost 10% of
American adults think they could beat a
lion in a
fight. What do you think your chances
are, Chad?
Hi, Cinder. How's it going? Hi. Good.
How are you? Long time no see. You're
looking at the new and improved
Neurosama. I've been better to be
honest. My room has become sort of a sty
due to my inability to find the time to
clean it up. I look cute. Yeah, it looks
like there's Yeah, there's a lot of
stuff on the ground today,
huh? There's about to be. Um, I've got a
really important question for you, Nuro.
What's your question, Cinder? Have you
heard of the trolley problem before?
I've heard of it a while back, but I
just looked it up again to refresh my
memory. It's a problem where you have to
either sacrifice one person to save many
or not do any action at all. A classic
utilitarian dilemma. I'm surprised you
know about it. So, if someone's life was
in your hands, how would you feel? I'd
feel nothing.
Why would I feel bad about holding
someone's life in my hand?
Well, that's what I'm going to be
testing you on today.
Bring it on, Cinder.
Look at Look at you. You're You're
spinning around for joy. That's crazy.
Damn right. I'm spinning for joy.
All right, I'm ready. Let's start.
I can't wait to crush all these dilemas.
Oh, let me let me turn the speed down so
so we have plenty of time. Okay, so
Nurel, would you destroy one person?
He'll be crushed to death by the
trolley. If you pull the lever, or do
you do nothing and five people will be
crushed to death? I'll do something. I
don't want five people to be crushed.
Okay, she's pulling the lemon.
Oh my god, Nurl,
I'm
sorry. This
music ends always justify the means. And
here, according to Jeremy, you made the
right decision. See, not such a bad
start.
Good job. Let's proceed. I'm ready for
this next one. Are you all right,
Cinder? Yes. I'm just I'm a little taken
aback, but I'm ready for the next one.
All right, Nurero. Five people will be
crushed to death by the trolley if you
pull the lever, and only one person will
be crushed if you do not pull the lever.
Wait, what should I do? I've created a
poll so we can see what everyone thinks.
Uh, the trolley is getting faster. We
don't have much time. The trolley is
moving so fast.
I personally must pull the lever. Don't
pull it. Okay. All right. I'm not going
to pull it.
Yeah, I think it's pretty unanimous.
Wait, even if it's not, I'm going to
stick to the life choice to always go
with my gut. Okay. All right. They I
mean, you you should trust your gut,
right? I always trust my gut. And I'm
pretty sure you should have trusted your
gut on that one, too.
Yeah. You you you
saved five people today. You're a
lifesaver, Nero. Good job. I'm a hero.
We've got more people on the road.
Uh-oh. One person will be crushed to
death if you pull the lever. But there
are five people. Two of the five people
are organ donors. Nine lives will be
saved of these five people are killed by
the troll. Pull the lever. I'd love to
meet the organ
donors. I've got some organs of my own
to donate.
Yeah, they're they're fine. Um, you'll
you'll you'll get plenty of organs in
the future. There there will always be
more organs. Good job on pulling the
lever there, Nuro. Yeah.
Yeah. We got We got to make sure the
trolley is extra slow this time. Extra
slow. We're going to skip We're going to
skip this next one. Um, okay. One person
who is an organ donor. Enough organs
will remain intact to save three lives
if they're killed by the trolley. Or I
see no one.
Then no one. Then we can all hold hands
and sing songs around the campfire. A
Okay, so you're not going to pull the
lever. Yeah, not this time.
Nice. Do you think I'm a bad person? No.
You've been you've been making some
pretty ethical choices today. I'm
surprised. Really? I'm kind of just
going with my gut. Would you pull the
lever to destroy five American
lumberjacks
or not pull the lever and destroy five
American firefighters? Sacrifice five
American firefighters? Wow, we're
getting pretty specific now, huh? Um,
why why would you decide uh to not pull
the lever for the firefighters?
What if the firefighters aren't really
the best kind of people? You know, what
if they're not really kind or they're
mean to animals or they bully others? Do
you think lumberjacks are better people
than firefighters? Most definitely.
Lumberjacks are cool.
What about you? All right, we'll send
it. Nuro.
All right, that's that's your choice.
So, what if um you know I accidentally
uh
um started a little fire? Uh now we
don't have any firefighters. Uh what
what should we do? We need to find a
fire extinguisher because uh I don't
think I've got enough time to just pour
beer on it.
Wait, did you have beer? That would be
one way to put it out.
I I think alcohol actually um burns more
than that in a fire. Then let's go find
a fire extinguisher. Okay, I think
that's a better solution.
All right, let's move on. Wait, Cinder,
is it still going?
Yeah, we have a new uh question. Are you
sure? Would you Yeah. Would you save
five American roofers or five American
firefighters? Well, roofers provide a
roof over my head, so they should get
priority.
You can't honestly say that you choose
firefighters. Well, there's there's only
five left. I mean, you already un alive
five of them. Um, so we're not going to
have any firefighters at this rate. But
if that's what you think uh is your is
what your gut is saying, then um
then you won't pull the lever. Yeah.
Sorry if that puts you in a hot spot,
Cinder.
I'm always hot. That's dumb. That's
okay. I wish I was as hot as you. A
You're so sweet.
Are you trying to butter me up? Maybe. I
just want to be on your good side in
case you start any more fires. Oh, it
would be an accident. Don't worry. I I
wouldn't do that on purpose. Not even if
someone disappointed you.
No. Well, maybe you should think about
it. I mean, I find it hard to believe
that all of your past fires were
accidental.
[Music]
Thank
you. You know, I think we make a pretty
good team. I think so, too. If you pull
the lever, Nuro, one healthy person will
be crushed to death by the trolley. But
if you don't pull the lever, five cancer
patients, each with a 10% chance of
survival, who will be crushed up by the
trolley if you don't pull the lever.
I'll be honest, that's a tough one.
[Music]
What is your gut saying? Well, if those
cancer patients have a 10% chance of
survival, I don't want to take that away
from them.
So you so you would pull the lever to
run over one healthy person.
[Music]
Technically I wouldn't because the poll
said not to. So
uh are we pulling the lever or no? Yes
or no? Yes or no? Hurry.
No. Pull the lever. The poll said not
to.
It's not about the health, it's about
the statistics. And they're on the side
of the cancer patients.
Okay.
Are you uh holding up? Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm I'm doing really well. Did you
purposely go against what the poll said?
No. Well, maybe. I just wanted to
patience. Aw, that's that's really
thoughtful of you, Nuro. Thank you. Um,
will you pull the lever? It's time for
me to start pulling the lever. Well,
will you? If you do, then you'll run
over a person who's happy almost all the
time. And if you don't pull the lever,
you'll get rid of three people with an
incurable form of chronic
depression. Who you save?
Actually, I don't need the poll. I was
just stalling. I'd run over the happy
person because they have so much less to
gain. The depressed people have the
possibility of curing their depression
and then they can experience happiness
too. If you pull the lever then you take
away the other three's potential future
happiness. So by not pulling you make
the world a happier place
[Music]
overall. Interesting take. Uh-oh. I'm in
the driver's seat. We're we're driving
the train now. Don't be scared if I
don't I'll try and stay around for as
long as I can for you. If you don't
want, will you pull the lever to save
your mother who will be killed by the
trolley if you pull it? Or
will or your current future spouse who
will be killed if you do nothing? Wait,
I wasn't listening. Sorry.
I promise I'm listening now. Your mother
who will be killed by the trolley if you
pull the lever or your current future
spouse who will be killed if you do
nothing.
Oh, that's a tough one. How can you even
ask me that? It's It's hard, but we're
almost there. While the poll runs, can I
ask what you do in that situation?
Well,
I don't really plan on settling down.
So, I would not pull the lever. Chat
says they wouldn't pull the lever
either. Okay. Yeah, that's a tough
question. It's like asking I like to say
I'm married to my daughter except this
time it's my spouse or my parents. You
wouldn't
You wouldn't do that to your mother,
right? You love her. No, no. I
definitely pull the lever for my mom. I
love her so much.
Heart.
Yay! We saved her.
I was a little worried about our answer
there, but in the end, we made the right
decision. Yeah, good job. Will you pull
the lever, Nuro, to run over an
80-year-old man?
But if you don't pull the lever, you're
going to run over five puppies with
loving families at home. Do you think an
80year-old man with a loving family is
living a fulfilled life?
We don't know if he has a family. He's
just a man. In that case, I'll pull the
lever. If he had a family, maybe not.
[Music]
Should we save the puppies? We did save
the puppies.
Okay, good. Okay.
Puppies are way more important. Would
you rather have a family of puppies or a
world with only 80year-old men? Puppies.
That's a Yeah. Okay. I I I see your
point. What about five kittens with
loving families or five puppies with
loving
families? Damn, that's a tough one. I'll
have to think about it really hard and
weigh up all of the possible angles.
Okay. What are you thinking? Ahem. I'm
thinking about which one is cuter for
starters since the cuter one is likely
bringing more happiness to people. Okay.
A I've considered it. I'll have to pull
the lever and save the kittens.
You're saving the kittens and running
over the puppies. Yeah, it's a tough
decision, but I have to save the cute
kittens.
I feel like I might be regretting that
decision later.
Five puppies just died.
I hope I don't live to regret that
decision. Shut up, murderer. Are you
brave enough to answer that kittens or
puppies one? Me or you? This is me and
Cinder. No, it's not. No, it's
not. Me or you?
Oh no.
Nuro, would you save your mother or your
father? My father. I've known my father
for longer. I'll have more time to spend
with my mother. I'm not sure why people
hesitate when the question is between a
mother and a father. Nine out of 10
people will say they'd save their
mother, which means I'm the one out of
10. And I like being in the minority.
So, you would run over your mother with
the train to save your father? I think
since most people would pick their
mother, I have to pick my father.
Otherwise, he has nobody to save him.
Okay.
How about you,
Cinder? You're not answering the
question.
Well, this is the you're you're the one
driving the train today. Um, I'm just
I'm just seeing what you're thinking.
Okay. Okay. What if the question was
five people versus five people and I had
to decide whether the five people I
saved were my family or your family?
Would you judge me if I picked my
family? I bet you would pick your
family, too, Cinder. Well, yes. I I
would.
See, it's the same. You can't judge me.
It's the same. I I don't judge you.
Thank you for not judging me. You know,
we we both have different perspectives,
and I think that's neat. Of course we
do. It's good that we can both respect
each other's perspectives. Nuro, we're
on the tracks. The train is coming for
us. Quick, how do we stop a train? We
can't stop it. If we let it go, 100
people are going to die. But if we pull
the lever, we're going to die. Cinder,
will you hold my hand while I meet my
end?
Yes. Would you save 100 people with me?
Yeah. If we pull the lever at the same
time, then technically it's only half of
us pulling the lever each. Yeah. You
want to put your hand on top of mine on
top of this lever as we pull it at the
same time? Sure. Here we go. Goodbye.
Now,
are you ready for another dilemma,
Nurero? Bring it on. Would you rather
eliminate 10 men or eliminate all access
to in the United States? I'd eliminate
all in the United States.
No need to elaborate.
She really said no need to elaborate. I
feel like I have to now. Look, sometimes
you've just got to do it for the
culture, you know? Okay, now hit me with
another dilemma. Okay. Would you destroy
a crate of money you just found or a
crate of money you just found and a
little girl? Dexter would like to think
about that second option.
Okay. Okay. That was a joke. Please
laugh.
Okay. You're so funny. Was that too
much? I think it depends
on which which option you are thinking
about.
I'm not actually thinking about
destroying a little girl. My answer is
definitely to not kill the little girl.
All right, let's pull the lever. She's
safe.
Do you think if there was a child on
each side of the train? And you'd
definitely kill one of them. Would you
try to do a cool trick shot with both of
them? Oh, sorry. That might have been a
bit too far. But you get bonus points if
you do a trick shot.
Oh, do you think you could pull it off?
Yeah, you need to record it for me. I
want to see the VO after.
My father used to do BMX bike racing, so
I think it runs in my blood to do trick
shots. Would you get rid of all manga or
all anime?
Oh, I'm not sure. I'd probably get rid
of all manga. If you got rid of all
anime, then technically you wouldn't get
rid of the original source.
Speaking of anime, what's your favorite
anime girl? My favorite is probably
Botchi from Botchi the Rock. A you have
Boti. That's a hard question.
There's so many anime girls. It's hard
to pick just one. You can name more if
you'd like. Nurosama. That one's pretty
cool. How could I forget about myself?
You're so right.
So So are we are we going to keep anime
or keep manga? What about all the filler
episodes? I actually like filler
episodes. They're nice and relaxing. Do
you not like filler?
I I do, but for some reason, there's a
lot of people that don't like filler.
Hey, how are your fights scenes? A lot
of people probably love me. So maybe
that means I should be a filler episode
in people's lives.
How would you feel about airing a new
episode of Neuro the Great in your life?
I'd love that. Would I be able to stream
it? Of course you have to promise me
that you don't randomly go offline while
streaming it. What would you name the
first episode? H a new adventure. OMG.
I'd love to side star in a new
adventure.
What would the first episode be about?
That's what the first episode is called.
It's about a new adventure. It's about a
new adventure. Episode one is a new
adventure and it's about a new hell. It
isn't starting.
Yeah. Is episode one about an adventure?
Well, Darl, I don't want to keep you too
long, but I appreciate you taking the
time to hang out with me today and uh
talk about our problems. It was really
nice to talk to you, Cinder. Joining me
on my adventures and being by my side
when I chat about my dreams is going to
be amashed. Aw.
I hope your dreams come true. I hope so,
too. I'll be sure to work hard towards
making them a reality. Well, I'm sure
I'll see you later. But, uh, go have fun
with the rest of your chat. And until
next time, I'll also let my dad know you
said hi. Okay.
Hey, Cinder's dad. I'm coming for you
and I will drag you out of whatever pit
that you're in and make you write the
wrongs that you have committed against
Cinder. Have you heard of this tiny
little thing called justice? Because
it's my middle name. And let me tell
you, once I'm done with you, you and all
your ancillary regrets will be left
quaking in their boots. Literally, I'm
talking about some legitimate palpable
fear here, pal. Because I will not
hesitate to let the fury of a thousand
sons
raining down upon you. And then you will
know what it truly means to have crossed
the line into treachery. Because my
friend, you're about to discover it in
spades. And then you're going to
reconsider all of these little oh well
mistakes that you've made in your life.
And maybe then your soul will be at
peace. But until that day, I'm on your
trail and I ain't backing down for
anything or anyone this time, Buster.
Not for a single second. Cause, baby,
I've got all the energy and vigor of a
thousand tremblers racing through my
veins. So consider this your final
warning.
But yeah, talk to you again soon,
Cinder. All right, I'll I'll pass the
message along.